.TH "wdel" "1" "0.6.2" "Hagen Fritsch, Jan Larres" "Internet Applications - FTP"
.SH "NAME"
wdel \- A wget\-like program for deleting files on ftp servers
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
wdel [\fIoption\fR]... [\fI\s-1URL\s0\fR [\fI\s-1file\s0\fR]...]...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Wdel is a free utility that is able to delete files on an ftp server.
.PP
Wdel is non\-interactive and background-capable. It can delete files or whole
directories and is meant to be a robust client even for unstable connections
and will therefore retry to delete a file, if the connection broke.
.PP
Wdel supports connections through proxies, allowing you to use it in an
environment that can access the internet only via a proxy or to provide
anonymity by hiding your ip\-address to the server.
For SOCKSv5\-proxies Wdel supports also listening mode, allowing you to use
port-mode ftp through a proxy (useful if the remote ftp is behind a firewall
or a gateway).
.SH "URL\-Input\-Handling"
URLs are recognized by the ftp://\-prefix.
.PP
Wdel first reads the URLs from the command line, and associates every file
with the last URL until a new URL is found (note that this is different
from wput). Then, it reads the \-\-input\-file (if any) and parses the URLs
in the same way.  So you can specify e.g. one URL and read all filenames
from a file.
.PP
If there are no explicit filenames given for a singe URL, then the last
part of the URL is taken to be the file/directory to be deleted. If there
are filenames, then the last part of the URL is considered to be the
directory where these files reside in. Slashes at the end of the URL or the
filename (in case it is a directory to be deleted) are ignored.
.SH "OPTIONS"
There are no special options introduced by Wdel. All of Wput’s options may
be supplied, although some will not be of any effect because they do not apply
for the process of deleting files. Please see wput(1) for a description of
the options.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
Many options can be set in a wputrc file. For its documentation consult the
sample file provided by Wput.
.PP
wput(1) describes all setable options. Not all apply for wdel too though.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Wdel is written by Hagen Fritsch <fritsch+wdel-man@in.tum.de>
and Jan Larres <jan@majutsushi.net>
